
See top level README for more information about schematics and the
datasheet for this microcontroller.

The launchpad board has an RGB led which looks like a single led but
has three LEDs in the same diffuser, one red, one green, one blue.
From a software perspective you treat them as three separate leds as
they are on three separate GPIO pins.  But the LED outputs combine
visually so that you can make different colors.

In order to make colors you need to change the overall percieved
intensity for each of the leds separately.  For example if you were
to turn on the read and blue and leave those gpio lines on then you
would get purple.  if you were to put red on full but pulse the blue
such that it is being fed a 50% duty cycle clock (on half the time, off
half the time) at a rate that is faster than your eye can percieve then
the blue would be half of the full intensity and the mixture of full
red and half blue would make a different color.

This very simple example turns the leds all on or all off, making white
or off.  The duration of the blinks is determined by a simple loop
that counts to some number wasting cpu time.  The call to the dummy()
function is to prevent the optimizer in the compiler from removing
the timing loop completely from the resulting program.  It also burns
a few more clocks with the disruption of a function call (branch and
return).

These leds are very painful for my eyes, you may be fine with it,
so instead of blinking forever I have it only blink a few times then
stop with the leds off.

By changing the hardcoded value in the dowait() function you can
change the frequency of the blinking.

From the schematics you can see that the Red led is connected to GPIO
port PF1, the Blue PF2 and the Green PF3.

The GPIO section of the datasheet clearly lays out the procedure for
initializing a GPIO port, enabling clocks to the port so that the logic
is running, then configuring the individual port pins, input or output
pull up or down or neither, alternate functions, etc.

There is an interesting feature with this design that allows you to
write to the GPIODATA register in a masked fasion so that the write
only targets certain bits (pins) and leaves the others unchanged.  I
have used that feature in this example.

