
See top level README for more information about schematics and the
datasheet for this microcontroller.  And information on how to load
programs into the microcontroller.

A very nice feature of this board, which you see from time to time with
these types of development boards, is there is really two microcontrollers
on this board.  One you dont control, it has vendor firmware on it that
is dedicated to helping you out.  It first is there to bang on the jtag
to program the part you do have control over to load your programs and
start them and such.  The nice feature this board has is that the main
uart interface on the device we control is tied to a uart on the device
they control.  Basically they are also using that device for usb to
serial so we dont need to have a separate usb to uart/serial in order
to communicate with the device we control.

I say the "main uart interface", well there are supposedly 8 uarts in
this part!  If you look around in the GPIO register space you will see
that PA[1:0] (GPIO ports/pins PA0 and PA1) are treated special on power
up and reset.  This chart is seen in the GPIOAFSEL, GPIODEN and some
other places.  This chart threw me for a loop for quite a while.  Had
to go away and come back to figure this out.  That chart IS NOT implying
that to get uart functionality you need an AFSEL of 0.  You still need
an afsel of 1 and a den of 1 which another GPIO chart shows you.  All
that chart is showing is that these are exceptions to the rule that
is stated just above the chart.  So since PA[1:0] are called out as
special in this way, and because on this board they are marked as TXD
and RXD and tied to the vendor controlled microcontroller, they really
intended for those to be used as a uart.  You dont have to of course,
and this doesnt limit you from using the other uarts on other available
pins.

As with most TI manuals they hold your hand for the most part through
the init process.  No different here, they have a fractional baud rate
generator which some vendors make overly complicated and make it harder
to know what to put where.  TI has made it pretty easy with one exception,
often (across all vendors I have experienced) you put the divisor minus
one in a baud rate divisor register, in this case you really just put
the number they tell you.  They were also vague about how to handle the
tx and rx enable.

This example uses the internal oscillator (PIOSC) both for the processor
and the uart.  The uart has its own clock selector which includes PIOSC
directly (a nice design feature) so in theory no matter what you choose
as your system clock the uart init routine here should still work since
it doesnt use the system clock.

The example starts by using the systick timer to dribble out one byte
a second to see the TX working without getting into checking the tx buffer
status.  Then it goes into a loop that sends a sequence of characters
as fast as it can using the tx buffer status.

