
See top level README for more information about schematics and the
datasheet for this microcontroller.  And information on how to load
programs into the microcontroller.

This expands on the blinker01 example.  This example uses the SysTick
timer to more accurately control the time between led blink events.

These leds are very painful on my eyes so I have the leds blink breifly
over some measured time, just enough that I can measure that time with
a stopwatch and figure out the clock rate for the timer.

I hate it when they do this but the datasheet for the microcontroller
says that there is a 16Mhz internal oscillator.  The schematics for the
board show an external 16Mhz oscillator.  My experiment left here as
an example uses the 24 systick timer set to run using the system clock
(basically the Cortex-M4's clock).  I count to one million clock cycles
160 times or basically 160,000,000 clock cycles (more than 24 bits
thus the need to break it into multiple individual measurements), then
I blink the led.  If the timer is running at 16,000,000Hz this would
be one blink every 10 seconds and that is what I see.

Is it using the PIOSC or MOSC?  We dont know that yet, I assume the
PIOSC (precision internal oscillator).

Note that this SysTick timer is part of the ARM Cortex-m4 logic not
the ti stellaris logic that surrounds it.  Ti tends to do a good job
in their documents giving you a list of steps for bringing up a particular
peripheral.  Chip vendors that use ARM cores dont normally include too
much detail about the arm core, they tend to direct you to ARM's website
to get ARM's documents.  The cortex-m4 trm (technical reference manual)
will also explain the SysTick timer and registers.  Ti happens to have
also described them in their datasheet, plus the few steps for starting
the timer.  Because it is part of the ARM core it doesnt have a clock
disable like the gpio so you dont have to go into that register space
to turn on the timer.  When we get to the ti logic we will get into
timers that no doubt have enables we have to turn on and are likely
a lot more complicated than the systick timer.
